BAM-3362 add new section to publisher tag (#74)
hellonarrativ/api-docs: docs/tagpublisher.rst

    http://amazon.com.example/BF93JSD34/ref=ods?#locklink

Utilizing Narrativ Data
-----------------------

> As discussed above the main benefit of the Narrativ JsTag is to run auctions on page load. After an auction completes the Narrativ tag will write the output of the auction to the `data-bamx-auction` attribute. If you would like to update the text on or around the link after an auction runs you can use the data we store there to pull accurate product information. This product is good for publishers who’s commerce buttons or links mention the merchant's name and price (“$5 at Nordstrom”). This option would update the text on the page to match the auction winner.

Reviewer: I would drop "As discussed above".
`After an auction request completes, the Narrativ tag will write the output of the auction to the `data-bamx-auction` attribute.`
`The product data is good`
`If you would like to update text after an auction runs, you can use`
`who’s` => `whose`
`This option would update the text on the page to match the auction winner.` What's "this option"

The full list of product information and expected schema can be found on our :doc:`Auction <auction>` page.

Updating Your Buttons
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Below is an example JS snippet that will create a `MutationObserver`_, on all relevant links on your article, which trigger after our auction runs.

.. code-block:: javascript
  :linenos:
  :emphasize-lines: 11

  const anchorNodes = [...document.querySelectorAll('a.monetized-links')];
  const config = {attributes: true};

  for (let i = 0; i < anchorNodes.length; i++) {
  	let anchor = anchorNodes[i];

>   	const logFunction = (mutationList, observer) => {

Reviewer: define this outside the for loop

Author: In the example we need a reference to the current anchor tag. I think keeping it this way is a bit clearer, and the whole point of this is to just be an example not the actual code to be used.

  		for (let j = 0; j < mutationList.length; j++) {
  			const mutation = mutationList[j];

        if (mutation.type === 'attributes' && mutation.attributeName === 'data-bamx-auction') {
            console.log('Narrativ Auction has finished. Update display values now');
            console.log(anchor.getAttribute('data-bamx-auction'));

>         }

Reviewer: indentation looks funky here

Author: good catch! Bad copy paste

  		}
  	};

>   	let observer = new MutationObserver(logFunction);

Reviewer: const

    http://amazon.com.example/BF93JSD34/ref=ods?#locklink

> Utilizing Narrativ Data

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Updating Article Content with Auction Results
```

-----------------------

> As discussed above, the main benefit of the Narrativ JsTag is to run auctions on page load. This product works well for publishers who’s commerce buttons or links mention the merchant's name and price (“$5 at Nordstrom”). If you would like to dynamically display the auction winner and product price of a link, you can use the example to update your page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As discussed above, the main benefit of the Narrativ JsTag is to find links on the page and run their auctions on page load. For publishers whose commerce buttons or links mention the merchant's name and product price (“$5 at Nordstrom”), this feature will enable you to replace those values dynamically. 
```
